readme.md, before:

# Hangman Game

A classical game.

## Installation

1. _This package is currently **unavailable** via npm._
2. You have to download or clone the repository.
3. Requires You to have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (this should install [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) as well).
4. Run console command in the folder of the repository: `npm install`.

## Playing in the console

1. Open console in the folder of the repository.
2. Run command `node index`.
3. The game will continuously ask for a letter to pick.
4. If the password is guessed, the next level will start.
5. If all passwords are guessed, You win the game.
6. If all chances for guessing are used, the game is lost.

## Playing in the browser

1. The game is available at [autioch.github.io/hangman-game](https://autioch.github.io/hangman-game/) .

## Building own browser version

1. Download or clone the repository.
2. Run console command in the folder of the repository: `npm install`.
3. Run console command `npm run react:build`.

Commit message:

Readme information about mobile first.

readme.md, after:

# Hangman Game

A classical game.

## Installation

1. _This package is currently **unavailable** via npm._
2. You have to download or clone the repository.
3. Requires You to have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (this should install [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) as well).
4. Run console command in the folder of the repository: `npm install`.

## Playing in the console

1. Open console in the folder of the repository.
2. Run command `node index`.
3. The game will continuously ask for a letter to pick.
4. If the password is guessed, the next level will start.
5. If all passwords are guessed, You win the game.
6. If all chances for guessing are used, the game is lost.

## Playing in the browser

1. The game is available at [autioch.github.io/hangman-game](https://autioch.github.io/hangman-game/) .
2. Game was tested mainly on mobile resolutions. Desktop version is in progress.

## Building own browser version

1. Download or clone the repository.
2. Run console command in the folder of the repository: `npm install`.
3. Run console command `npm run react:build`.
